Document how to compile from source (#26)
intenthq/gitkv: README.md

docker run intenthq/gitkv
```

### Source

> To run Gitkv from source first [install Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) then use `cargo run`

Reviewer: Might be worth talking about `cargo build`, `cargo build --release` and `cargo run` — you probably want to use all of them for different purposes.

Maybe easier to just say:

```suggestion
To run Gitkv from source first [install Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).

This is a standard Cargo project — [here is a link to the Rust documentation on how to use Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/), but some common tasks you may wish to use are as follows:

* `cargo build` — build the Gitkv binary, but in debug mode (unoptimised).
* `cargo build --release` — same as the above, but in release mode (optimised).
* `cargo run` — build and run the binary in one step.
* `cargo test` — run the tests.
```

Author: 👍
